
		Chapter 5 : A Thorn in Paradise



	"So what the hell happened in there?" questioned Nemesis 
looking towards the front of the van in Nebulus' direction.

	"I was watching you more than I was watching myself" told a 
disgusted Nebulus, completely shamed by his performance or lack there 
of.

	"At least you know a sign when you see one.  What happened to 
Jack?"

	"What do you mean, what happened to Jack" rudely snapped 
Nebulus who turned around to give Nemesis the evil eye.

	"We lost him before we got to the strike zone.  Where'd he go?  I 
thought he was supposed to follow us all the way out."

	"I don't know.  Maybe he bumped into ICE or something.  Why 
don't we get back there quickly and find out" Nebulus pointed out to 
Donna who pushed her foot into the floor, accelerating the van as she 
drove on into the city.

	Not soon enough for Nebulus' liking, the van pulled in front of 
the garage door of the warehouse.  Nemesis calmly hopped out of the 
back door of the van and proceeded to open the door.  The van came to a 
quiet stop with the garage door crashing down behind it.  The lights 
were still on; the office door to the underground comps was still shut.

	"Jack!  Hey Jack!  Where the hell are you shit-head!?" yelled 
Nemesis, feeling a little funny about the whole situation.  Walking to the 
back of the van, he picked up his rifle and proceeded to walk towards the 
office door.  He was followed by Nebulus and eventually Slash, who had 
had enough of Jack's clowning around.  Screwing around on the nets is 
one thing, but leaving a team in the thick of a job is another.  

	They approached the office door and found it still locked from the 
inside.  Nebulus walked over to a nearby desk, reached into the top 
drawer and picked up a magnetic key.  He returned to the door and 
inserted the flat key into the slot just under the door handle which 
produced a soft pop as the lock disengaged.  Nebulus opened the door and 
the group peered in.  The office was still the same :  a few file cabinets, a 
metal desk with a wooden, rocking office chair, a single light at the desk 
with another one in the ceiling, and a small hand comp sitting at the 
right of the desk.

	'Nothing is missing.  Everything is cool...except' thought Nebulus.  
"Jack's gone."

	"What!?" wined Nemesis in disbelief of wherever Nebulus had 
derived this idea.

	"The chair's here.  He should be sitting in it down in the room" 
stated Nebulus loosing his cool.

	"Bullshit.  He and I changed that last week 'cause he wanted a 
padded chair so his butt wouldn't hurt so much" slapped Nemesis.

	"Huh!?!?" 

	"Come on" said Nemesis entering the room and pressing the 
correct sequence of keys on the hand comp to enable the elevator to the 
comp room.  Slash moved the chair out of the way as the plate under the 
leg area of the desk slowly began its decent into the comp room.  Within 
10 seconds it had hit bottom, about 12 feet below in the concrete dungeon 
where Jack roamed.

	"Jack.  Hey, Jack..you down there!?" yelled Slash.  No answer.

	"He's probably still in the nets.  He'll never respond like that" 
spoke Nebulus.

	"Well there's only one way to find out" said Nemesis as he hang 
dropped from the desk edge into the dark pit.

	"Don...hunnn....you moron" Slash sighed under her breath.  'He 
never thinks about traps.'  "Watch out for traps."  Nemesis never heard 
her voice; his concentration on where he was and not what people were 
doing topside.  He pivoted left in the direction of the comp room.  The 
corridor to the room was normal sized with a low ceiling.  The walls were 
made of cold concrete that still flaked grit when rubbed against.  It was 
dark with a few streaks of light coming from the room, barely lighting 
enough for someone to see.  Nemesis changed his eyes to night vision to 
see that was up with Jack.

	'All right Jack, where the hell are you man.'  He peered into the 
comp room.  The two main comps on the far wall were humming as usual, 
the short ceiling making them look larger than normal.  He walked 
further into the room.  The four workstations were still running with 
their monitors running lines of info across them constantly.  'Jack.  
Where the hell are you.'  He lowered his rifle.  In fact he lowered it until 
the barrel almost scraped the ground.  He stood completely erect and 
walked over to the wall where the control panel was.  A single touch and 
a second panel came up.  He closed his eyes as he turned the ceiling light 
on.  His eyes were switched back to normal vision and he opened his 
eyelids.

	"Come on down, guys!" yelled Nemesis as he looked over at Jack 
who was still slouched in his padded chair, still jacked into the nets.

	"What's the deal!?" yelled back Slash.

	"He's here.  Still in the net."  The elevator platform began to move 
back up and in no time the rest of the team minus Donna was in the comp 
room.  "I guess he's still in the net."

	"What the hell's he still doin' in there?" replied Slash quite 
disgusted at Jack now that he was still here and had left them in Cryon.

	"He must've run into something." sighed Nebulus looking at his 
foot as it tapped lightly on the concrete floor.  'What could he have run 
into?  ICE?  Naw, couldn't be.  He's too good for that.  Then again...  Naw, 
he must be screwin' around or somethin'.  But why would he leave us in 
Cryon to go screw around somewhere?  I wonder if they got this thing up 
and running before we got there.  Or what if they had another site, or if 
we attacked the wrong site!  Couldn't be.  We planned this thing to 
perfectly to hit the wrong site.  Yeah, sure.' he thought to himself, 
especially after how badly they fucked the whole deal up.  'Well, there's 
only one way to find out.'  Looking up he said "I'm goin' in" and started to 
walk towards the workstation next to Jack's.

	"What!  You can't be serious.  Let's just pull the plug and get him 
back" screeched Slash.

	"Yeah, right.  And possibly loose him forever.  He might be into 
something serious, and there's only one way to find out." replied 
Nebulus, putting a wireless jack next to his ports.

	"I thought you could track someone like that for cryin' out loud!"

	"We'll see about that."  With that he sat in the chair and jacked in, 
wireless of course.

	"Well, let's get them prepared for a long trip.  I can't see them 
coming back any time soon" softly spoke Slash.  She and Nemesis turned 
to the one cabinet that had little components and things in it.  The door 
was opened and two IV's were taken out by Slash.  She walked over to the 
two and began to get Jack ready for insertion.  Nemesis in the mean time 
began preparing the two nutrient bags.  In no time, both Jack and 
Nebulus were outfitted with medical nutrient bags that fed into their 
system.  That way they at least wouldn't dehydrate.

		Nebulus stood up from a kneeling position on the 
	asphalt street of an unknown city.  It was dark, actually 
	gray in color and the clouds in the sky were moving very 
	fast.  The surrounding buildings stood like monuments 
	compared to Nebulus' small body.  A little piece of 
	newspaper skipped by along the ground behind his feet.  
	The long street he was looking down seemed to go on 
	forever.  The city was completely deserted.  
	
		"Strange" he told himself outloud.  "Oh, well, let's 
	get going."  He began walking in the direction of the first 
	gate to get into mainstream cyberspace.  A few steps and 
	he leaned forward to the ground and shape changed into a 
	sleek black sports car, one of the new European cars that 
	can top 300 mph.  Fat tires, no rear view mirrors; kinda 
	like an old Countach he thought to himself as he squealed 
	his tires and flew down the streets.  

		"Great.  Traffic jam already."  In the near distance 
	he could see lots of people trying to get into the gateway.  
	"Always a bunch of jerks who don't know there way 
	around the block yet."  With a glance skyward, he pulled 
	off the ground and moved a story or two above the rest of 
	the traffic.  Flying over the crown was fun.  The first 
	gateway was breached easily and he soon got back onto 
	the road and cruised into the highways, the internet 
	highways that connected to everywhere in the world, and 
	then some.

		After only a little time, his speed began to slow.  
	Actually he began to slow immensely, eventually coming 
	to a complete stop.  'What the hell is going on?' he thought 
	to himself, checking all of his systems.  Then he began to 
	shape change back into a person, except he hadn't chosen 
	to do so.  'Somebody's taking control of my environment.'  
	Then he began to fly backwards, completely out of 
	control.  He fought to stabilize and he tried to stop, but 
	eventually was thrown back into the crowd of people 
	waiting at the gateway entrance.  With an additional 
	thrust, he was tossed into the crowd, landing on the hard 
	asphalt just like everyone else had.

		"What the hell is going on!" he yelled at the top of 
	his lungs as he stood up, wiping himself off.  The area 
	around he began to change and soon he was standing on a 
	computer generated grid.  No streets.  No buildings.  Just 
	grids.  He continued to look around, finally running his 
	identifier program.  In a few seconds an arrow appeared 
	pointing in the direction off to his right, toward the 
	gateway.  He started to push his way in that direction, 
	searching for Jack.  The gateway soon became clearer to 
	him as it was a large billboard sign which read :


		The Cyberspace Mob now rules the nets	

		    Pay to Enter.  Pay at your OWN Risk


		"What the hell is going on, here!" he yelled.

		"Oh shut up up there you asshole!" came from 
	someone behind him.  He turned around to see who the 
	hell was yelling at him in a crisis like this.

		"Fuck you buddy!" he yelled back, not knowing 
	who had yelled at him.  He continued to push his way 
	towards the front.  Eventually he got within a few 
	hundred feet of the gateway and recognized Jack only a 
	few steps in front of him.

		"Jack, what the hell is going on here man!?" asked 
	Nebulus as he reached his companion.

		"What the hell are you doing here?  I thought you 
	were still in Cryon."
	
		"I was.  We got back already.  What the hell 
	happened to you?"

		'Take a look.  One second I was in, the next I was 
	pulled out by these guys.  Do you believe this shit.  They've 
	taken over all the surrounding gateways and there's no 
	way in or out to another gateway."

		"What do you mean.  You can't even break it?"
	
		"No one can" explained Jack in a sorrowful tone of 
	voice.  "I've found a few friends here and they can't break 
	it.  Whoever made this isn't working for the government, 
	military or a company.  This is straight from the 
	underground.  All I can figure is that it's written in a new 
	AI language that actually learns who you are and how to 
	keep you from getting into the gateway if you haven't 
	paid."

		"You mean to tell me that someone is holding the 
	gateway hostage?"

		"Yep.  The funny part is that no one has any idea 
	who could've pulled a stunt like this off.  This is beyond 
	professional.  I can't even tell where it's coming from."  
	The two stood around almost as lost as everyone else.  It 
	was getting more crowded as time went on and eventually, 
	Nebulus had had enough.

		"Get a site set up so we can start attacking this 
	thing from the inside out."

		"Yeah right" replied Jack completely disgusted 
	now.  "Don't you think I've tried it already in about a 
	thousand configurations, only to get tossed back without 
	getting any further into the system.  I told you once you 
	moron, the more you do the more it understands about 
	you, which means that it can stop you easier every time 
	you try something new."

		"So how do we get the fuck through" blazed a 
	beyond frustrated Nebulus.

	"So what should we do now?" asked Nemesis, peering towards the 
elevator.  After standing there for ten minutes, his patience had run out 
and a bar run was the first thing that ran into his head.  "I know.  How 
about some Black Oil?"

	"That dump.  Naw, I'm not in the mood" casually replied Slash.  

	"How about Hot Kicks" she said with a sly grin growing on her face as 
she looked into Nemesis' eyes.

	"You gotta be kiddin' me.  We don't fit into a place like that."

	"That doesn't keep you from screwin' every chic with big tits, 
long legs, and stockings pulled up to her crotch that works there now 
does it?" she kidded pulling him towards the elevator.

	"Jealous?" he asked with a smirk.

	"I'm coming in my pants just thinking about you" she joked as 
they stood on the elevator platform.  She pressed her hand against the 
wall where a hidden panel was and the platform began to rise.  

	Topside, they walked out of the office to find Donna sitting in one 
of the office chairs in front of a desk off to the side of the warehouse.

	"Everything OK with Jack?"

	"Who knows.  Nebulus went into the matrix to fetch him" replied 
Slash.  "Hey.  We're gonna go to a bar.  Wanna come?"

	"Sure.  But first, where's my money?" she said getting back down 
to business.

	"Nebulus handles that and he is preoccupied right now."  Donna 
wasn't too pleased about this.  In fact she was getting quite pissed off as 
she stood up to face Slash.  "Chill woman.  It's not like we're gonna forget 
you.  Jeez."

	"Hey.  A job is a job.  Now it's done and I want my money!"

	"Look honey, you ain't gonna get paid until he gets out of the nets 
so why don't you just pack that bitchy attitude of yours away and chill 
out until he is free.  This job ain't done until we're all back and we got 
two in the nets!"  snarled Slash, frowning her brow.

	Nemesis looked on at the 'cat fight' as he called it between the 
two.  'Wait a minute.'  He looked at Donna's forehead.  'Zoom in.  More.  
There.  Now look at that.  Sweat.  And it's not even hot here, either.'  He 
moved his gaze down to her hands.  'Same thing, and even a little 
twitchy.'  He panned back up to her chest which was expanding and 
contracting a little faster and larger than he would've expected.  He 
switched his eyes to IR, trying to get a thermal scan of her body.  To no 
avail, the combat suit that she still wore blocked most of the signals 
coming from her body and canceled his experiment.

	"All right.  Chill out.  Why don't you take a shower and get 
changed and I will pull Nebulus out in time for him to pay you.  Then we 
can go to the bars.  OK?" stated Nemesis.

	"Where the hell am I gonna..."

	"There's a shower in the bathroom over there" he said pointing to 
a door along the office wall, "and your extra clothes that you brought are 
still in the van, right?"

	"Don't EVEN think about pullin' somethin' stupid, Nemesis" she 
warned with a glare.  Nemesis didn't move and didn't loose eye contact 
until she turned around to get her stuff out of the van.  Slash took his 
arm and turned him to fact her.

	"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she scowled in a low 
voice.

	"Trust me."

		By now, Jack and Nebulus had jumped in and out of 
	cyberspace at least a dozen times, trying to trick the 
	gateway or get past it somehow.  Each time they would 
	bring in different attack programs and loose them just as 
	quickly as the 'Cyberspace Mob' would find them and 
	erase them, or make them unusable.  There were now 
	about five people in a group around Jack and Nemesis; all 
	of whom knew each other through one facet or another. 

		"So where do we go from here?" sighed one of the 
	guys.

		"We have to find another way around it.  
	Everything we've tried has failed.  Period.  And I can't see 
	any way around it" said Jack.

		"So the cybermaster Jack has finally met his 
	match.  How interesting" stated Nebulus, getting more 
	excited at the prospect of what seemed like the ultimate 
	challenge.

		"I wouldn't say that so soon.  It's just going to take 
	some time to figure out how to get around it" replied Jack, 
	letting the comment fly over his head.

		"So where are we?" asked one of Jack's friends.

		"Simple.  We can't get past without paying, which 
	is completely absurd.  We know it's not being done by the 
	government, military, a company, Mogul, Nestroth and a 
	few other groups.  But that leaves a lot of names that, 
	although I can't figure who could've masterminded this, 
	could be responsible for it" stated Jack.

		Someone else spoke up.  "Well, attack and defense 
	programs don't work.  It can tell who we are and seems to 
	know our strengths and weaknesses.  Camouflaging 
	doesn't help since it kills that first.  I don't think if we 
	sent ICE against it it would even work."

		"What!  Are you nuts.  How the hell would you SEND 
	ICE after it.  There's nowhere to keep it connected to to 
	run it" heckled another.

		"Yes there is and that's exactly what we're gonna 
	do" spoke Jack, standing up and pacing around in a very 
	small circle.  "We can attach it to the gateway itself.  It's 
	identifier must still exist or we couldn't have gotten here."

		"Yeah, but it'll already know how to kill ICE."

		"Yeah, but I know a way to make it so they can't 
	track it or disarm it" ecstatically spoke Jack.  "Everyone 
	jump out and meet me at my comp room in 1 hour."

	Donna came out of the bathroom wearing a short mini with tights 
underneath it, highlighting her legs with black spandex.  Her wet hair 
left trickles of water on her leather short jacket that covered a tank top.  

	'Switch to IR.  Focus and zoom on chest area.  Just as I thought.'  
"You definitely look sexy tonight, woman" yelled Nemesis from across 
the warehouse.  He hopped off the desk he was sitting on and approached 
her.

	"So where's Nebulus with my money, macho man?" she said with 
a smirk in her smile.

	"This way, my lady" he said, raising his left hand, palm up, to take 
hers as a rightful gentleman should.  She placed her right hand in his 
with a flirtatious smile.  He slowly started to turn around and Donna 
began to take a step forward to accompany him.  

	Quickly, Nemesis spun back in her direction, landing a bone-
breaking fist in her stomach.  Instantaneously, she fell to the ground as 
if life had been sucked out of her.  She laid on the ground in a fetal 
position, holding her stomach, completely unable to breath from the 
attack.  Nemesis looking over to Slash who was sitting at a desk, giving 
her the signal.  She rose from her chair carrying a needle.  Nemesis 
reached down and gripped Donna's jacket firmly by the shoulders and 
ripped it down her arms so that they were bare from her shoulder to her 
elbow.  She winced in pain, still unable to breath.  Nemesis reached his 
hand up and received the needle from Slash.

	"Nighty night, my little spy" cooed Nemesis with a devil's grin, as 
he injected her with the tranquilizer.

	"Nighty night, bitch" spit Slash.
