			Chapter 6 : A Slap in the Face



	"Whew.  Man oh man.  This one's gonna hurt" said a sweaty 
Jack as he faced his sidearm, Nebulus.  He stood up and staggered 
over to the bathroom stall that was on the other side of the 
elevator to relieve himself.  Nebulus just sat there rubbing his 
eyes.  After a few seconds he stood and walked over to the elevator 
platform and momentarily waited for the chair to come down.

	"Where the hell you goin'?" yelled Jack from the stall.

	"I'm gonna check on the others and tell them what's up.  
We're gonna need some info from the streets and fast ...." he 
trailed off in his own thought as the chair arrived.  He sat down 
and got to the office floor in no time, listening to Jack rant and 
rave about what he had just said.  Nebulus' brow was furrowed, 
now, and time had taken it's toll on him.  He walked out of the 
office to notice the van was missing.  "Goddamn, stupid son's of 
bitches!" he yelled, spinning around to look at the whole 
warehouse.  "Those dumn fuck's!  If it's the last thing I told them 
it's to stay put!  Jesus!" he fumed slamming a fist into the desk he 
began to sit at.  A thousand swear words ran through his mind 
and his head began to throb.  Closing his eyes, he sat back in the 
hard wood chair thinking about the job, running his fingers 
through his hair.  'Of course, we first had to fuck the job up.  
Then we actually had to run into this damn mob.  Who the hell 
would dare to be a mob on the nets.  Who would have the 
capabilities.  Hmmmmm.  "The government" his eyes flashed 
open.  "Nah.  Couldn't be" he said to himself with a quirky smile 
that almost gleamed with getting the answer, and then laughed at 
it's stupidity.  "But it would be the perfect front to run us 
down....legally.  Well, kind of.  Shit."

	He opened the top desk drawer and took out a few plastic 
bottles of pills.  He popped a few in his mouth and downed them 
with a flat can of Coke that had probably been there more than a 
day.  

	"What's the matter with you!" yelled Jack from the office's 
entrance.  "How many times have I told you not to get drugged 
before you jack in.  Especially now.  What the hell do you ..."

	"Oh shut up and take this!" said Nebulus throwing a bottle 
to Jack.  He caught it with a rattle and looked up very disgusted 
almost in disbelief at what Nebulus was implying.  "Relax, it's 
caffeine.  It'll wake you up."

	"I'm not tired" replied Jack walking towards Nebulus.  He 
screwed the cap off the bottle and put a pill in his mouth.  He 
reached the table, putting the closed bottle down and picking up 
the can of Coke.

	"That's been there awhile, you know" muttered Nebulus.

	"I know.  I opened it last week" he said with a smirk.

*************

	Slash had been driving the van through the back streets of 
the city for about ten minutes until she came to the designated 
spot Nemesis had told her to go to.  The tall buildings surrounding 
them sent shadows out to swallow up the surrounding sidewalks, 
almost requiring a street lights to light up the broken and 
graffittied walls that surrounded them.  

	"So where the hell do we go from here?" she asked, leaning 
over her shoulder to get a glimpse of Nemesis' back.  He was 
leaning over Donna who was still out cold.  Her arms were tied 
together with unbreakable plastic ties that were laced from her 
wrists up to her elbows.  Her hands had turned pale from lack of 
blood in her hands.  Her legs were tied in a similar manner, one 
that Nemesis found a certain liking to.

	"There should be a garage door around here somewhere 
that has the word 'Ixzer' graffettied on it in red" replied Nemesis 
who had turned to look out the front windshield.  "Just go slow 
and we should  be able to see it better."

	"I can't see a goddamn thing with Ixzer on it" whined 
Slash, getting quite frustrated with the whole secretive situation.  
'First you don't tell me where we're going, then what we're doing.  
You dumb shit!  I don't see why I ever listen to you.'  She slowly 
eased her foot on the accelerator and let the van drift down the 
alleyway, nearly scraping the sides of it on one of the buildings.

	"Stop here.  Turn the engine off" spoke Nemesis in a 
hushed voice as he popped the sliding door open and slowly 
began to push it out of his way.

	"What's the silence for man?  I don't see any Ixzer."

	Without a reply, he jumped out of the van, landing his 
combat boots on the broken asphalt and turned around to scoop 
up the still unconscious Donna.  Throwing her over his shoulder, 
he walked in front of the van and stood in front of the garage 
door.  Slash got out and stood behind him still unsure of what was 
about to happen.  'Switch to UV.'  Ixzer appeared on the door, just 
as he had said.  He slowly moved to the wall on the left side of the 
door and allowed Donna to slide from his shoulder, landing 
soundly on the concrete with a thud.

	"Well I see we're in a good mood today" smirked Slash 
getting a kick out of Nemesis' behavior.  'He's finally back to his 
old self' she smiled to herself, looking down at Donna.  'Bitch.'  
Her smile was broken as the wall Nemesis was touching broke 
open and a small camera appeared in front of his face.  She took a 
step back, getting into a combat stance.  Her claws extended 
instantly.  He never moved.

	"Enter password" stated a speaker originating from near 
the camera.

	"Zephia 12 Luther Mia" replied Nemesis.  The camera 
disappeared as the wall rebuilt itself, hiding the broken area.  A 
couple of loud noises came from within the garage and the door 
slowly began to open.  Nemesis bent over and scooped up Donna's 
body and began walking into the garage.  Slash followed a little 
hesitantly behind her companion, still with her claws out and 
ready.  She really hated being uninformed.

	"Stop right there!" came a deep, husky male voice from 
within the darkness of the garage.  The two of them had barely 
gotten ten feet within the building.  

	"Who's there!" yelled Slash from behind her companion.

	"Nemesis.  How's it goin' mon?"

	"Not too bad Doc.  Got a little present for you."

	"Another hooker.  Don't you know I gave them up for 
lent?"

	"No hookers this time.  A tinker toy to take apart."

	By now, Slash was completely confused.  'What the hell is 
going on?  How is this guy and where the hell is he?' she thought 
trying to look into the darkness.

	"Do we get to have some fun this time?"

	"You got it."

	"Bring her in."  The lights flashed on, slightly blinding 
Slash for a second.  The garage door immediately slammed down 
into the concrete that startled the always calm Slash.

	"Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on!" 
yelled Slash at the top of her lungs.  Nemesis turned around 
slowly eyeing her weirdly.

	"Slash, meet Doc.  He's a techie friend of mine.  He likes to 
take things apart and see how they work."  He turned towards Doc 
and began walking in his general direction.  "Doc, this is my 
friend Slash.  She's with Nestroth" he said pointing a thumb in 
her direction.  

	"Hey ya sexy" he said looking her over.  She looked him 
over back.  He stood almost as tall as Nemesis, but had black hair 
down to the middle of his back that flowed as he turned around to 
lead Nemesis to the door behind him.  He walked with a limp to the 
left side and had a cybernetic left arm as well.  'He must've gotten 
into something' thought Slash to herself as she began to follow 
the two men towards the door, her claws finally retracting.  It 
was unlocked with a pass card and led to a set of stairs leading 
downward.  Doc led them down.  Nemesis bumped Donna's head on 
the door frame.  Slash just had to let out a small laugh at that.

	They arrived at a another door that lead into a cybernetics 
lab, or something that looked like one.  Donna was placed on the 
medical table in the middle of the room.  There were tools of all 
sorts lining the walls and hanging from the ceiling.  Off to the 
left side were large tools for more heavy equipment, including 
what looked like a modified military gatlin gun.

	"I take it you like weaponry, sweetie?" smirked Doc seeing 
Slash look the gun over.  She looked at him with an anticipated 
smile that said yes.  "Hmm.  Maybe I'll let you take her for a ride 
tonight."  He turned towards Nemesis who was cutting Donna's 
bonds with one of Doc's molecularly sharp blades.

	"So what the hell's with this chic anyways?" asked Doc.

	"She worked with us on our last project, but she's got 
something in her chest that I think is a bug.  It's the only thing 
that explains why we ran into shit."

	"How do you know?"

	"Look at her under IR.  You'll see something really black 
there."

	"So you want to cut her open and see what we can see?"

	"Let's see if she will talk first."  The two men took her arms 
and legs, cuffing them to the four corners of the table securely.  
Doc took out an antidote for the sleeping chemical Nemesis used 
on her, and injected her with it.  In a few moments she came to 
trying to wipe her eyes with no luck from the restraints.  She 
looked up to see Nemesis looking right into her face.  Doc was 
busy putting on a surgeon's hat, mask and gloves.  'Interesting 
difference from the mechanics suit there Doc' Slash told herself 
as she too walked towards Donna.

	"Who are you working for Donna?" asked Nemesis in a 
very calm voice.

	"What the hell are you doing?  Untie me at once, you 
moron!" she screamed back testing her restraints.

	"I don't think so sweetie.  I think you set us up, which is 
why you've got a bug in your chest.  So why don't you just tell us 
what is going on" he said politely.

	"I'm not working for anyone.  And I don't have anything 
in my chest you, idiot!  Now let me go!" she screamed.  Doc walked 
around and attached two electrodes to her head and turned on a 
scanner that monitored certain parts of the brain for 
brainwaves.  "What the hell is that?  Who is he?"

	"Donna, I'm only going to ask you one more time, before I 
cut your chest open and find out what the hell you have in there.  
Now, tell me, who are you working for" he said in a very deep 
voice that began to frighten Donna even more.  His frowned brow 
made her look at him with wide eyes, fearing that he was serious.  
She thought for a moment, and then just made her eyelids very 
narrow and matched his frown with hers.

	"Fuck off bastard" she replied in a low tone.  Nemesis bent 
down until his face was less than a centimeter away from hers 
without changing his expression.

	"Have it your way, my dear."  He moved his lips down to 
hers and gave her a small kiss on the lips.  She didn't kiss him 
back.  He withdrew his face from hers, standing straight up, and 
removed the electrodes from her head.  "We won't be needing 
these" he said tossing them to Doc.  He looked back down at Donna 
and saw the fear in her eyes, yet also saw her determination as 
well.  He moved his right hand up to his left shoulder and quickly 
sent it flying across Donna's face, slapping her cheek so that the 
side of her face bounced off the table.  Blood began to trickle 
from the corner of her mouth as she turned to glare back at 
Nemesis whose facial expression still had not changed.

	"You asshole.  I'm gonna kill you, you son of a bitch!" she 
screamed.  Starting to violently pull on her restraints, she yelled 
and screamed until Doc had had enough.

	"Time to put her to sleep, I think."

	"Not this time.  I want her to feel this" snarled Nemesis.  
Donna barely caught what he said and gasped a little in 
anticipation.  Nemesis nodded to Slash who was getting a kick out 
of the torture being induced by Nemesis.  'It's good to have him 
back' she thought to herself.  She walked to Donna's right side 
and smiled at her.  Donna only caught a glimpse of her out of her 
peripheral vision.  Stroking her stomach, Slash began feeling 
Donna's lower ribs and stomach.  Then raised her strong arm and 
let the side of her fist slam into Donna's stomach, just below her 
sternum.  Donna sucked in her breath and pulled at her cuffs as 
her face turned red from her breath being knocked of out her.  
She finally relaxed a little and began taking short breaths.

	Nemesis stood above her head still and pulled her jacket 
away as much as possible from her chest.  He then reached into 
her top and in one swift pull, ripped the top of it and her bra 
open.  She struggled underneath him to no evail as his hands 
went further down to grab the divided material at the edge of the 
tear.  In another pull, her top was in two and he pulled the parts 
to the sides to reveal her bare chest and white breasts.  Her 
nipples were slightly hard from her treatment, something that 
Slash took note of.  She slowly caressed both of Donna's breasts, 
allowing her touch to become rougher as her claws extended a 
few inches from her fingertips.  Her slight smile of playfulness 
changed to a devilish grin as she moved her fingers to the 
underside of Donna's breasts and pushed her claws into the skin 
below them.  Not wanting to be outdone by what was sure to be 
effective torture by Nemesis, Slash began to drag her claws down 
towards Donna's navel.

	"Now who are you working for Donna?" asked Slash now 
enjoying the fun as well.

	"Nobody!  I swear I'm not working for anybody!" she 
screamed.  Tears were now running from her eyes as she tossed 
her head from side to side.  Slash only pushed in harder until 
blood coated much of her lower stomach.

	'I've had enough of this shit' thought Nemesis as he 
reached over for the molecularly sharp blade he had cut her 
bonds with.  He placed the edge of it next to the tendon in her 
right peck.  Slash reluctantly pulled her claws out of Donna as 
she saw what Nemesis was about to do.  "Donna, why did you set us 
up.  Tell me or you will regret it" he spoke in a stern voice after 
waiting impatiently for an answer.

	"Go to hell!" she yelled.  The pain and realization of the 
situation, finally breaking her.

	"Fine.  Slash put a gag in her mouth.  I don't want any of 
her childish screams to hurt my ears"  he said.  Slash complied by 
stuffing a dirty rag in her mouth and stepped back as Nemesis 
began slowly cutting the tendon in her peck.  Her screams were 
muffled by the rag, but her tears and struggling movements only 
made the pain worse.  The tendon finally broken and Donna let 
out a ear-piercing shriek as the tears rolled down her face freely.

	"That's enough, Nemesis" said Doc as he came over to 
Nemesis who was getting ready to start on the other shoulder.  He 
placed the end of a silver device that looked like a gun to Donna's 
throat and pulled the trigger.  She jerked and then collapsed to 
the table, unconscious.  

	"Making her squirm is not going to get the info you want 
man."

	"You know how much I hate people who stab me in the 
back."

	"Let's just get what you came for and forget about it, all 
right?" spoke Doc in a soft tone of voice, a little shocked by the 
whole situation.

	"You're the doc.  Let's see what's in her chest."  He removed 
the blade from her shoulder and stepped back as Doc began to 
stop the bleeding in Donna's stomach with a laserstitch.  After 
removing the gag in her mouth, he began working on stopping 
the extensive bleeding from her shoulder.  To Nemesis' wishes, he 
finally cut into her chest with a scalpel.  Doc brought over a few 
instruments to determine just where and what the black box in 
her chest really was, then began to go after the prize.

	"Jesus Christ!  This thing is really in her.  Someone really 
did a good job on her when they put it in."  Doc continued to try 
and get a better look at the black thin box that was lodged under 
Donna's sternum, near her collar bone.  "How the hell could she 
breath for cryin' out load?"  The frown on Doc's face spelled a 
tough job, and probably one done by a pro.  He continued to open 
her up enough to get at the box and finally cut the thin metal 
rings that were securing it to her sternum.  A soft digital pulse 
emanated from Donna's direction, and then a hushed pop silenced 
all sound in the room.  Her head and body jerked slightly and 
then went limp again.  Her heart drastically slowed until coming 
to a complete stop within seconds of the diminished sound.

	"Damn" softly stated Doc, keeping his hands still.

	"What?" questioned Slash and Nemesis almost in unison.

	"Shoulda known.  Oh well.  Let's see what we can see."  He 
slowly pulled the box out from under Donna's sternum, not 
bothering to put her back together more than letting the torn 
skin slide back into place.  Taking the box over to the sink, he 
removed most of the blood from the box with a damp towel and put 
it under a lamp to get a better look at it.  'Edging at the sides, not 
too tough.  No markings, no noticeable points, oh hey, there's the 
trigger mechanism' he thought looking at a very small silver 
line down the inside of the clips.  Nemesis and Slash becoming 
bored with the subject at hand, retired to opposite sides of the 
room to lean on the walls, waiting for something to come out of 
the box that would give them a clue to Donna's true loyalties.

	Doc picked the box up and moved it over to the work table 
and placed it on a ceramic flat plate that was situated under one of 
his analyzers.  Within a few minutes he had run IR, UV, X-ray and 
a few other tests just to see what was in the middle of the black 
box.  He then took a small tool and began wedging the corner of it 
open until the lid popped up.  Slowly, he lifted it off and revealed 
the small transmitter board that the X-ray scan had shown.

	"So what do we got?" gruffly asked Nemesis, still 
pessimistically leaning on the wall.

	"Transmitter box.  It essentially controlled the bomb.  
However, it could have been triggered by someone else with some 
form of an electronic signal."

	"So she had a fail safe in her, huh?"  he said moving closer 
to Donna again.  He brushed her cheek with his index finger and 
moved his face close to hers.  "You got outta this easy wench" he 
whispered to her.  Standing up, he moved over to take the box in 
his hand.  "So can you figure out who made it or who could 
detonate it?" he asked looking at Doc.

	"Maybe.  It'll take some time."

	"Contact me in the usual way in one day" replied Nemesis 
as he handed the box back to Doc and motioned Slash to following 
him out the door.  

	"What about your woman?"

	"Oh yeah."  Nemesis grabbed a nearby trash bag and 
worked it over Donna's head and torso after removing her bonds.  
He scooped her up so that she was crunched upside down into the 
bag and then proceeded to head up the stairs.

	As Doc verified the garage door closing from his wall 
monitor he dialed into his telecom and waited while the security 
codes played their game before opening a screen.

	"What is it?" came Nebulus' tired voice.

	"We've got a few problems."

******************

	"So what the hell are you going to do with her?" 
reprimanded Slash as she drove into the next alleyway.

	"Pull up next to that dumpster over there?"  The van 
stopped and Nemesis pulled Donna's body out of the van, throwing 
it into the dumpster without a care.  He returned to the van to 
fetch a can of gasoline and proceeded to pour some of the can's 
contents onto Donna's body.  He returned to the van and picked 
up an old oil rag.  Lighting it, the van began to move away as he 
threw it into the dumpster and slid the van's side door shut.